Time: approximately 3 min.

Clinical Subject Registration made eASY (Northwestern Oncology Trial Information System)

Hi, and welcome to eNOTIS, a secure, web-based system for Northwestern clinical researchers to track and report accrual information. My name is [], and I'll be walking you through eNOTIS.

# Adding a subject

Just as a reminder, eNOTIS mainly deals with studies, subjects, and events. I consented a subject on one of my studies today, so we're going to add that subject with a "consented" event.

Once I log in with my netid and password, I'm at the dashboard, where I can see a list of my studies and recent events. I consented a subject on the [] study, so let's click on it. The study overview shows what has happened recently on my study, and who has access. I'm in adding a subject, so I'll click on the "Study Subjects" tab, and click "add subject".

Now anything that happens to a subject on a study, including signing a consent, approaching, phone calls - those are all events. Today I consented a subject and I have her MRN. The first time I associate a study and subject, I need to specify gender, ethnicity and race. And the event that happened today was a consent.

Oops, looks like I made a mistake on the MRN, so I'll be trying this again. Ok, this time we found her by her medical record, and she's in my study.

Time for lunch!

Ok, over lunch, I consented two other subjects, but I don't have the MRN for one, and the other one is on the study but won't have an MRN. that's ok, becuase I got their names and birth dates.

We found this person in the medical record.

We didn't find this person in the medical record, so they are flagged. It's helpful to know when the subjects I entered aren't synced, because that might indicate a mistake or someone who's record hasn't been entered. I can decide to try and sync or ignore the flag, but that's a topic for another video.

So we're all set. My subjects are now associated with my study via the "Consented" event. Subjects, Studies, and Events.



